.TH XTRLOCK-GESTURE 1
.SH NAME
xtrlock-gesture \- Lock X display until password supplied or pattern drawn
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B A modified version of xtrlock-gesture with more functions implemented. 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xtrlock-gesture
locks the X server till the user enters their password or draws pre-designated gesture.

While
.B xtrlock-gesture
is running, the mouse and keyboard are grabbed. A white mask with patterns on it will 
be displayed to cover the screen. 

To setup/re-setup the program, pass `-g1` via command line and follow the instructions 
to generate a user profile. 

.B Configuration files
unless specifically assigned by -c, will be read from `~/.xtrlock.conf`. Command line 
arguments are of higher priority and will override configuration file contents. 

.SH OPTIONS: 
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit

      -l LOG_LEVEL, --log-level LOG_LEVEL
                        the logging level. e.g: 10 for debug, 20 for info, 30
                        for warning(default), 40 for error, 50 for critical.

      -f LOG_FILE, --log-file LOG_FILE
                        the file path to the log file

      -g GEN, --gen GEN     record pwd and generate the config file (please use
                        -g1)

      -c CONFIG_FILE, --config-file CONFIG_FILE
                        specify the config file to use/write, default as
                        ~/xtrlock.conf

      -m MASK_LIB_PATH, --mask-lib-location MASK_LIB_PATH
                        specify the path to mask.so, dafault as
                        /usr/share/xtrlock/mask.so

.SH X RESOURCES, CONFIGURATION:
None.
.SH BUGS
May cause screen flicker if waked from suspension with screen locked. 

The timeouts cannot be modifed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X "(1), Xlib Documentation."
.SH AUTHOR
Ian Jackson <ian@chiark.greenend.org.uk>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 1993, 1994 by Ian Jackson.

Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its
documentation is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public
Licence, version 2 or later, as published by the Free Software
Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.
