.TH XTRLOCK-SERVER 1
.SH NAME
xtrlock-server \- Lock X display until password supplied or pattern drawn
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B A modified version of xtrlock-server with more functions implemented. 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B xtrlock-server
locks the X server till the user enters their password or draws pre-designated server.

While
.B xtrlock-server
is running, it listens to any request of arbitrary program behaving identical to the trigger 
method contained in `triggerlib.py`, and lock the screen with predesignated command. Request 
not consistent with that defined in `triggerlib.py` may cause unpredicted behavior. 

There are a hand of example triggers located at `server/trigger`, which could be referred for 
further example utilization.

.SH OPTIONS: 
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit

      -v VERBOSE_LEVEL, --verbose-level VERBOSE_LEVEL
                        the logging level. e.g: 10 for debug, 20 for info, 30
                        for warning(default), 40 for error, 50 for critical,
                        default as INFO(20).

      -f LOG_FILE, --log-file LOG_FILE
                        the file path to the log file

      -l LOCK_CMD, --lock-cmd LOCK_CMD
                        The command used to lock screen, which could be set to
                        trigger programs like xscreensaver other than xtrlock,
                        default as `xtrlock -l`, separate multiple command
                        with :

      -u USER, --user USER  The user used to execute the lock command, it is
                        recommended to create a new user with no permissions
                        but to the screen lock utility, for safety. Default as
                        current user

      -s SERVER_SOCKET_ADDRESS, --server-socket-location SERVER_SOCKET_ADDRESS
                        The socket file used for other triggers to request a
                        lock/unlock function, default as
                        /tmp/xtrlock_server_trigger

.SH X RESOURCES, CONFIGURATION:
None.
.SH BUGS
May cause screen flicker if waked from suspension with screen locked. 

The timeouts cannot be modifed.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR X "(1), Xlib Documentation."
.SH AUTHOR
Ian Jackson <ian@chiark.greenend.org.uk>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 1993, 1994 by Ian Jackson.

Permission to use, copy, modify and distribute this software and its
documentation is granted under the terms of the GNU General Public
Licence, version 2 or later, as published by the Free Software
Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.
